Lifts of types (#1001)
UniMath/agda-unimath: src/foundation/lifts-types.lagda.md

# Lifts of types

```agda
module foundation.lifts-types where
```

<details><summary>Imports</summary>

```agda
open import foundation.dependent-pair-types
open import foundation.universe-levels
```

</details>

## Idea

Consider a type `X`. A {{#concept "lift" Disambiguation="type" Agda=lift-type}}

> of `X` is an object of the slice category of `X`, i.e., it consists of a type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of `X` is an object in the [slice](foundation.slice.md) over `X`, i.e., it consists of a type
```

Reviewer: (or some other formulation in which a link to the slice file makes sense)
